Update docs (with questions) for SDK PR Vat shutdown patch 1798 (#341)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/api/zoe.md

defines what variables need their values passed in as `terms`.

It returns a promise for a `StartInstanceResult` object. The object consists of:
- `adminFacet` `{any}`
- `creatorFacet` `{any}`
- `publicFacet` `{any}`
- `instance` `{Instance}`
- `creatorInvitation` `{Payment | undefined}`

The `adminFacet` has two methods:
- `getVatShutdownPromise()

>   - Returns a promise that resolves (to reason or completion) when this newly started instance terminates. **tyg todo: Not sure what "resolves to reason" does? Thrown error?**

Reviewer: 'reason' is the conventional name for the Error generated with `fail(reason)`, while `completion` is the name passed with `exit(completion)`.

defines what variables need their values passed in as `terms`.

It returns a promise for a `StartInstanceResult` object. The object consists of:
- `adminFacet` `{any}`
- `creatorFacet` `{any}`
- `publicFacet` `{any}`
- `instance` `{Instance}`
- `creatorInvitation` `{Payment | undefined}`

The `adminFacet` has two methods:
- `getVatShutdownPromise()

>   - Returns a promise that resolves to reason (the Error generated with `fail(reason)`) or 
>     completion (the name passed with `exit(completion)`) when this newly started instance terminates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Returns a promise that resolves to reason (the value passed to `fail(reason)`) or 
    completion (the value passed to `exit(completion)`) when this newly started instance terminates. 
```
